README.md, before:

# Modern Mom 

## About This Application

This app was developed to help bridge the gap between maternal advice and anyone who is seeking it. There are many cases where people of all walks, age, gender or situations could use a mom to reach out to in search of that motherly wisdom. 

The application allows you to register as either a "Mom" or a basic user. Under the "Mom" Administrative page, you will see a welcome message at the top of your dashboard.  Underneath the welcome screen, you can see to your left is your buletin board where all requests for advice from the "Cub" useres will be displayed. And to your right is the history of your answered questions you've chose to respond to from the bulletin board.

As a user, once you login, your dashboard will be displayed as a welcome message at the top with a "messages" section to the left and "question submit" box to the right directly underneath the welcome message. 

## Starting the app locally

Start by installing front and backend dependencies. While in this directory, run the following command:

```
npm install
```

This should install node modules within the server and the client folder.

After both installations complete, run the following command in your terminal:

```
npm start
```

Your app should now be running on <http://localhost:3000>. The Express server should intercept any AJAX requests from the client.

## Deployment (Heroku)

To deploy, simply add and commit your changes, and push to Heroku. As is, the NPM scripts should take care of the rest.


to do list: 
finish read me, 
photo on there somewhere!

Commit message:

moved forms to center of page, heading color change

README.md, after:

# Modern Mom 

## About This Application

This app was developed to help bridge the gap between maternal advice and anyone who is seeking it. There are many cases where people of all walks, age, gender or situations could use a mom to reach out to in search of that motherly wisdom. 

The application allows you to register as either a "Mom" or a basic user. Under the "Mom" Administrative page, you will see a welcome message at the top of your dashboard.  Underneath the welcome screen, you can see to your left is your buletin board where all requests for advice from the "Cub" useres will be displayed. And to your right is the history of your answered questions you've chose to respond to from the bulletin board.

As a user, once you login, your dashboard will be displayed as a welcome message at the top with a "messages" section to the left and "question submit" box to the right directly underneath the welcome message. 

## Starting the app locally

Start by installing front and backend dependencies. While in this directory, run the following command:

```
npm install
```

This should install node modules within the server and the client folder.

After both installations complete, run the following command in your terminal:

```
npm start
```

Your app should now be running on <http://localhost:3000>. The Express server should intercept any AJAX requests from the client.

## Deployment (Heroku)

To deploy, simply add and commit your changes, and push to Heroku. As is, the NPM scripts should take care of the rest.


to do list: 
-finish read me, 
-photo on there somewhere!
-make daashoard cards longer
-change text to white
-change card titel to a darker grey w/ white text.

react strap with boostrap. what is that...explain!
